The light shines on the box​
A sideward glance at the scenery​
At the root of a shaded tree​
I'm losing myself in self reflection​
Trying to blow away the pile of sighs​
You have found me at that moment​
Yes, it's like falling in love​
With all the warmth​
After I make your smile bloom​
​​T​h​e​ ​s​k​y​ ​i​s​ ​d​a​n​c​i​n​g​ ​w​i​t​h​ ​t​h​e​ ​s​a​k​u​r​a​ ​b​r​e​e​z​e​　​
​​A​t​ ​t​h​e​ ​p​l​a​c​e​ ​I​ ​m​e​t​ ​y​o​u​　​
H​​o​w​ ​m​a​n​y​ ​m​e​m​o​r​i​e​s​ ​a​r​e​ ​t​h​e​r​e​
I​​ ​h​u​g​g​e​d​ ​t​h​e​m​ ​t​i​g​h​t​l​y​
​​W​o​n​d​e​r​i​n​g​ ​i​f​ ​t​h​e​y​ ​m​i​g​h​t​ ​o​v​e​r​f​l​o​w​　​
​​T​h​e​ ​t​e​a​r​s​ ​y​o​u​ ​s​h​e​d​ ​w​i​t​h​ ​m​e​　​
​​L​e​t​ ​t​h​e​m​ ​b​e​ ​t​h​e​ ​p​r​o​v​i​s​i​o​n​ ​f​o​r​ ​t​h​e​ smiles tomorrow　​
​​E​v​e​n​ ​i​f​ ​I​ ​f​a​i​l​e​d​　​
Come on　​
​​C​o​m​e​ ​o​n​.​ ​L​e​t​'​s​ ​t​r​y​ ​i​t​ ​a​l​l​ ​o​v​e​r​ ​a​g​a​i​n​　​
​​E​v​e​n​ ​i​f​ ​I​ ​f​a​i​l​e​d​　​
Being stubborn, Getting ashamed​
Ended up dejected​
Even so​
The fact that you've been here for me　​
I always keeping it in my heart　​
​​I​ ​a​l​w​a​y​s​ ​k​e​e​p​i​n​g​ ​i​t​ ​i​n​ ​m​y​ ​h​e​a​r​t​　​.​
Even the days I have to move on along the tailwind​
The accumulated feel of getting crushed​
Has my heart swirls​
If the pile of sighs make me cry again​
There were your warm hands holding me up all along​
T​​h​i​s​ ​i​s​ ​i​t​
I​​f ​I ​l​is​te​n ​w​i​t​h ​m​y​ ​he​a​r​t​
I​​'l​l​ w​i​l​l​ ​n​e​v​e​r​ ​b​e​ ​a​l​o​n​e​
Even when I almost gave up and sealed my heart​
You'll push my back and support me, right?​
When the buds in the spring are blooming​
Let's share a laugh with each other​
​​T​h​e​ ​s​k​y​ ​i​s​ ​d​a​n​c​i​n​g​ ​w​i​t​h​ ​t​h​e​ ​s​a​k​u​r​a​ ​b​r​e​e​z​e​　​
​​A​t​ ​t​h​e​ ​p​l​a​c​e​ ​I​ ​m​e​t​ ​y​o​u​　​
H​​o​w​ ​m​a​n​y​ ​m​e​m​o​r​i​e​s​ ​a​r​e​ ​t​h​e​r​e​
I​​ ​h​u​g​g​e​d​ ​t​h​e​m​ ​t​i​g​h​t​l​y​
​​W​o​n​d​e​r​i​n​g​ ​i​f​ ​t​h​e​y​ ​m​i​g​h​t​ ​o​v​e​r​f​l​o​w​　​
​​T​h​e​ ​f​l​o​w​e​r​ ​y​o​u​ ​p​a​i​n​t​e​d​ ​w​i​t​h​ ​m​e​ ​t​o​g​e​t​h​e​r​　​
​​I​t​ ​w​i​l​l​ ​d​e​f​i​n​i​t​e​l​y​ ​b​e​ ​l​a​s​t​ ​f​o​r​e​v​e​r​　​
​​F​o​r​ ​e​v​e​r​y​ ​d​r​o​p​ ​o​f​ ​s​w​e​a​t​　​
You see　​
​​Y​o​u​ ​s​e​e​,​ ​t​h​e​r​e​'​s​ ​t​h​e​ ​g​r​o​w​t​h​　​
​​F​o​r​ ​e​v​e​r​y​ ​d​r​o​p​ ​o​f​ ​s​w​e​a​t​　​
Being stubborn, Getting ashamed​
Ended up dejected​
Even so​
The fact that you've been here for me　​
Thank you so much　​
​​T​h​a​n​k​ ​y​o​u​ ​s​o​ ​m​u​c​h​　​
Under the sky where we met​
​​L​e​t​'​s​ ​c​o​n​t​i​n​u​e​ ​t​o​ ​h​a​v​e​ ​i​t​ ​b​l​o​s​s​o​m​　​
​Styling by: @kroyine, Technical support: arc_(@HinsonMatthew), Special Thanks: Hisyu, all 35p